Docs/SPE 260: update and reorganize telemetry metric references (#21965)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/telemetry-metrics/vault/raft/transition/leader_lease_timeout.mdx

### vault.raft.transition.leader_lease_timeout ((#vault-raft-transition-leader_lease_timeout))

Metric type | Value   | Description
----------- | ------- | -----------

> counter     | number  | The number of times Vault could not contact a quorum of nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
counter     | number  | The number of times the leader could not contact a quorum of nodes and therefore stepped down
```
